d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TMS.WebApp.dll.config
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TMS.WebApp.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TMS.WebApp.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EPPlus.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.Runtime.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Nest.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TikaOnDotNet.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TikaOnDotNet.TextExtraction.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TMS.Domain.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\WebApiContrib.IoC.Ninject.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TMS.Domain.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Castle.Core.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Elasticsearch.Net.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\EPPlus.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Nest.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Nest.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\TikaOnDotNet.TextExtraction.pdb
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\obj\Debug\TMS.WebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\obj\Debug\TMS.WebApp.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\obj\Debug\TMS.WebApp.dll
d:\WORKING\02_1_ANLETECH_TASKPROJECT_VRG\source code\TMS\TMS.WebUI\obj\Debug\TMS.WebApp.pdb
